The creation and use of homemade hand sanitizer is frowned upon over concerns regarding the correct use/concentration of ingredients and the need to work under sterile production conditions. Do not rely on “Do It Yourself” or “DIY” recipes, including those based solely on essential oils or formulated without correct compounding practices.
Use common, EPA-registered household disinfectants to clean and disinfect frequently touched surfaces such as tables, doorknobs, light switches, countertops, handles, desks, phones, keyboards, toilets, faucets, and sinks. If surfaces are visibly dirty, clean with soap and water or detergent first.
Exposing yourself to the sun or to high temperatures DOES NOT prevent COVID-19. The disease can spread no matter how sunny or hot the weather is.
There is no evidence that regularly rinsing the nose with saline or gargling with water protects people from infection with viruses that cause COVID-19 or other respiratory illnesses.
Spraying alcohol, chlorine, or another disinfectant all over your body will not kill viruses that have already entered your body. Spraying such substances can be harmful to clothes or mucous membranes such as those in the eyes and mouth.
Millions of people around the world have been diagnosed with COVID-19 and hundreds of thousands have died, upending the lives of healthcare workers, family members, friends, and so many others. Based on global data collected through midday July 27, 2020, nearly 4% of those diagnosed have died. By comparison, it is estimated that seasonal flu kills far less than1% of people who have it.
In Ohio, a person with COVID-19 is only counted once even if that person is tested multiple times. Each person has a unique identifier and epidemiologists use those identifiers to ensure that a person who tests positive is only counted once.
If you have been in close contact with someone who has COVID-19, yes, you will get a call from a public health worker. However, you will not be asked very personal questions. The public health worker will let you know that you may have been exposed, help you your monitor symptoms and get care if needed, and help you avoid exposing others. Information that you share is kept confidential and your participation is voluntary. You also will never be asked for financial information so hang up immediately if someone asks for money or for your bank account information, Social Security number, or any password.
Even if you test negative for COVID-19 or feel healthy, you should stay home (quarantine), since symptoms may appear two to 14 days after exposure to the virus. It could take days before the infection shows up on a lab test.
While some people get critically ill with COVID-19, many have no symptoms at all. People with or without symptoms can pass the virus that causes the disease on to others.
The virus that causes COVID-19 can lead to some flu-like symptoms, such as body aches, fever, and cough, and both can also lead to pneumonia. However, COVID-19 is more serious and estimates show it has a much higher mortality rate than flu.
While many people with COVID-19 will have a cough, there are several other symptoms to watch out for. You may have the disease if you have any one or more of the following: Fever or chills, cough, shortness of breath or difficulty breathing, fatigue, muscle or body aches, headache, loss of taste or smell, sore throat, congestion or runny nose, nausea or vomiting, diarrhea.
Older adults and people with serious chronic medical conditions are at higher risk of serious illness. But anyone can become sick, and symptoms can range from mild to severe regardless of how old you are or if you have other medical conditions.
While being around a person with the virus for longer periods increases your risk, it is possible you could catch the virus if you inhale the person’s infected respiratory droplets, regardless of the length of time you are together.
COVID-19 is spread through the respiratory droplets (saliva/spit or mucus/snot) of an infected person. When a person talks, sings, yells, sneezes, coughs, etc. the droplets are released into the surrounding environment. If you inhale those droplets, you could become infected. Washing or sanitizing hands is extremely important, but masking and staying away from others are also critical prevention methods. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention also recommends cleaning frequently touched surfaces (like light switches, handles and railings) every day in case the virus — after it is exhaled by an infected person — can live on surfaces and possibly be transmitted to a person who touches that surface.
Hospitals in Ohio are taking precautions and using provisions to separate patients with COVID-19 from other patients. Before going to a hospital, contact your doctor for guidance on your specific situation.
There is no evidence to support transmission of COVID-19 associated with food. It may be possible that a person can get COVID-19 by touching a surface or object, like a packaging container, that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes, but this is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads. In general, because of poor survivability of coronaviruses on surfaces, there is likely very low risk of spread from food products or packaging.
Based on the limited information available to date, the risk of animals spreading COVID-19 to people is considered to be low. A small number of pets worldwide, including cats and dogs, have been reported to be infected with the virus that causes COVID-19, mostly after close contact with people with COVID-19.
There has been no information or evidence to suggest that COVID-19 could be transmitted by mosquitoes. The respiratory virus spreads primarily through droplets from coughing or sneezing.
While it is less likely that you will catch COVID-19 in open areas, it is still important to stay at least 6 feet away from others. Some people with COVID-19 have no symptoms and can spread the disease through respiratory droplets.
Wearing a cloth face covering is NOT a replacement for social distancing. Whenever you are outside your home or around anyone outside your immediate household circle, you should stay 6 feet away from others. Doing both provides two layers of protection against the spread of COVID-19.
As stated above, wearing a cloth face covering provides an extra layer of protection against the spread of COVID-19.
Experiments have shown that various coverings, including folded bandannas and cloth face coverings, block respiratory droplets.
Coverings can stop the evaporation of droplets that carry viruses so they fall quickly instead of traveling on a forward path and floating in the air. Further, droplets get far less momentum and can’t travel as far when exhalation is blocked by a mask. 
More and more research is showing that face coverings prevent the spread of COVID-19. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently reviewed the latest science and said cloth face coverings could reduce the spread of the disease, particularly when used universally within communities. The director of the agency has said that, if everyone in the U.S. were to wear masks, the pandemic here could be controlled within four to eight weeks.
A mask should fit snugly but still allow for ease of breathing and space to catch droplets. If a mask is too tight, there is a risk that respiratory droplets will be forced through the openings at the side of the mask.
Wearing facial coverings has been mandated across Ohio in any indoor location that is not a residence; outdoors whenever it is not possible to stay at least 6 feet away from people of a different household; when waiting for, riding, driving, or operating public transportation, a taxi, a private car service, or a ride sharing vehicle. (This does not apply to private or rental vehicles in which members of a single family are sharing a vehicle or to vehicles travelling through a listed county without stopping in that county.) There are a number of exceptions in the order, which you can find here.
The coronavirus can be transmitted in ALL climates.
Regardless of outside temperature, the human body remains between 97.7 - 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit
COVID-19 is a respiratory virus, which is transmitted through droplets expelled from sneezing or coughing
Thermal scanners can detect a fever. However, they cannot detect those who are sick and have not yet developed a fever      
This is because it takes between 2-10 days to develop a fever after becoming infected 
Spraying alcohol and chlorine all over your body will not kill the viruses that have already entered your body. 
Spraying harsh chemicals on your body can damage your skin, but can be used on hard surfaces in the home etc.
COVID-19 is so new and different, it needs its own vaccine
Garlic may have antimicrobial properties. However, there is no evidence that it may prevent COVID-19
Anyone can be infected by the coronavirus. However, older people and people with preexisting health conditions such as asthma and heart disease are more susceptible 
Antibiotics do not work against viruses. Antibiotics only work against bacteria. However, if you are hospitalized with COVID-19, you may be prescribed antibiotics because co-infection is possible
UV light can cause irritation and should not be used to disinfect your hands
To date, there are no specific recommendations for the coronavirus 
accurate information about coronavirus can help keep you safe
Cow urine has long been promoted as a traditional remedy for various diseases in India, but there is no medical evidence to show that cow urine has anti-viral characteristics.
Studies show hydroxychloroquine does not have clinical benefits in treating COVID-19. Hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine, a treatment for malaria, lupus erythematosus, and rheumatoid arthritis, has been under study as a possible treatment for COVID-19. Current data shows that this drug does not reduce deaths among hospitalised COVID-19 patients, nor help people with moderate disease. The use of hydoxychloroquine and chloroquine is accepted as generally safe for patients with malaria and autoimmune diseases, but its use where not indicated and without medical supervision can cause serious side effects and should be avoided. More decisive research is needed to assess its value in patients with mild disease or as pre- or post-exposure prophylaxis in patients exposed to COVID-19.
People should NOT wear masks while exercising. People should NOT wear masks when exercising, as masks may reduce the ability to breathe comfortably. Sweat can make the mask become wet more quickly which makes it difficult to breathe and promotes the growth of microorganisms. The important preventive measure during exercise is to maintain physical distance of at least one meter from others.
The likelihood of shoes spreading COVID-19 is very low. The likelihood of COVID-19 being spread on shoes and infecting individuals is very low. As a precautionary measure, particularly in homes where infants and small children crawl or play on floors, consider leaving your shoes at the entrance of your home. This will help prevent contact with dirt or any waste  that could be carried on the soles of shoes.
The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is caused by a virus, NOT by bacteria. The virus that causes COVID-19 is in a family of viruses called Coronaviridae. Antibiotics do not work against viruses. Some people who become ill with COVID-19 can also develop a bacterial infection as a complication. In this case, antibiotics may be recommended by a health care provider. There is currently no licensed medication to cure COVID-19. If you have symptoms, call your health care provider or COVID-19 hotline for assistance.
The prolonged use of medical masks when properly worn, DOES NOT cause CO2 intoxication nor oxygen deficiency. The prolonged use of medical masks can be uncomfortable. However, it does not lead to CO2 intoxication nor oxygen deficiency. While wearing a medical mask, make sure it fits properly and that it is tight enough to allow you to breathe normally. Do not re-use a disposable mask and always change it as soon as it gets damp. Medical masks (also known as surgical masks) are flat or pleated; they are affixed to the head with straps or have ear loops.
Most people who get COVID-19 recover from it. Most people who get COVID-19 have mild or moderate symptoms and can recover thanks to supportive care. If you have a cough, fever and difficulty breathing seek medical care early - call your health facility by telephone first. If you have fever and live in an area with malaria or dengue seek medical care immediately.
Drinking alcohol does not protect you against COVID-19 and can be dangerous. The harmful use of alcohol increases your risk of health problems.
Thermal scanners CANNOT detect COVID-19. Thermal scanners are effective in detecting people who have a fever (i.e. have a higher than normal body temperature). They cannot detect people who are infected with COVID-19. There are many causes of fever. Call your healthcare provider if you need assistance or seek immediate medical care if you have fever and live in an area with malaria or dengue.
There are currently no drugs licensed for the treatment or prevention of COVID-19. While several drug trials are ongoing, there is currently no proof that hydroxychloroquine or any other drug can cure or prevent COVID-19. The misuse of hydroxychloroquine can cause serious side effects and illness and even lead to death. WHO is coordinating efforts to develop and evaluate medicines to treat COVID-19.
Adding pepper to your soup or other meals DOES NOT prevent or cure COVID-19. Hot peppers in your food, though very tasty, cannot prevent or cure COVID-19. The best way to protect yourself against the new coronavirus is to keep at least 1 metre away from others and to wash your hands frequently and thoroughly. It is also beneficial for your general health to maintain a balanced diet, stay well hydrated, exercise regularly and sleep well.
COVID-19 is NOT transmitted through houseflies. To date, there is no evidence or information to suggest that the COVID-19 virus transmitted through houseflies. The virus that cause COVID-19 spreads primarily through droplets generated when an infected person coughs, sneezes or speaks. You can also become infected by touching a contaminated surface and then touching your eyes, nose or mouth before washing your hands. To protect yourself, keep at least 1-metre distance from others and disinfect frequently-touched surfaces. Clean your hands thoroughly and often and avoid touching your eyes, mouth and nose.
Spraying and introducing bleach or another disinfectant into your body WILL NOT protect you against COVID-19 and can be dangerous. Do not under any circumstance spray or introduce bleach or any other disinfectant into your body. These substances can be poisonous if ingested and cause irritation and damage to your skin and eyes. Bleach and disinfectant should be used carefully to disinfect surfaces only. Remember to keep chlorine (bleach) and other disinfectants out of reach of children.
Drinking methanol, ethanol or bleach DOES NOT prevent or cure COVID-19 and can be extremely dangerous. Methanol, ethanol, and bleach are poisons. Drinking them can lead to disability and death. Methanol, ethanol, and bleach are sometimes used in cleaning products to kill the virus on surfaces – however you should never drink them. They will not kill the virus in your body and they will harm your internal organs. To protect yourself against COVID-19, disinfect objects and surfaces, especially the ones you touch regularly. You can use diluted bleach or alcohol for that. Make sure you clean your hands frequently and thoroughly and avoid touching your eyes, mouth and nose.
5G mobile networks DO NOT spread COVID-19. Viruses cannot travel on radio waves/mobile networks. COVID-19 is spreading in many countries that do not have 5G mobile networks. COVID-19 is spread through respiratory droplets when an infected person coughs, sneezes or speaks. People can also be infected by touching a contaminated surface and then their eyes, mouth or nose. 
Exposing yourself to the sun or temperatures higher than 25°C DOES NOT protect you from COVID-19. You can catch COVID-19, no matter how sunny or hot the weather is. Countries with hot weather have reported cases of COVID-19. To protect yourself, make sure you clean your hands frequently and thoroughly and avoid touching your eyes, mouth, and nose.
Catching COVID-19 DOES NOT mean you will have it for life. Most of the people who catch COVID-19 can recover and eliminate the virus from their bodies. If you catch the disease, make sure you treat your symptoms. If you have cough, fever, and difficulty breathing, seek medical care early – but call your health facility by telephone first. Most patients recover thanks to supportive care.
Being able to hold your breath for 10 seconds or more without coughing or feeling discomfort DOES NOT mean you are free from COVID-19. The most common symptoms of COVID-19 are dry cough, tiredness and fever. Some people may develop more severe forms of the disease, such as pneumonia. The best way to confirm if you have  the virus producing COVID-19 disease is with a laboratory test.  You cannot confirm it with this breathing exercise, which can even be dangerous.
The COVID-19 virus can spread in hot and humid climates. The best way to protect yourself against COVID-19 is by maintaining physical distance of at least 1 metre from others and frequently cleaning your hands. By doing this you eliminate viruses that may be on your hands and avoid infection that could occur by then touching your eyes, mouth, and nose.
Cold weather and snow CANNOT kill the COVID-19 virus. There is no reason to believe that cold weather can kill the new coronavirus or other diseases. The normal human body temperature remains around 36.5°C to 37°C, regardless of the external temperature or weather. The most effective way to protect yourself against the new coronavirus is by frequently cleaning your hands with alcohol-based hand rub or washing them with soap and water.
Taking a hot bath does not prevent COVID-19. Taking a hot bath will not prevent you from catching COVID-19. Your normal body temperature remains around 36.5°C to 37°C, regardless of the temperature of your bath or shower. Actually, taking a hot bath with extremely hot water can be harmful, as it can burn you. The best way to protect yourself against COVID-19 is by frequently cleaning your hands. By doing this you eliminate viruses that may be on your hands and avoid infection that could occur by then touching your eyes, mouth, and nose.
The COVID-19 virus CANNOT be spread through mosquito bites. To date there has been no information nor evidence to suggest that the new coronavirus could be transmitted by mosquitoes. The new coronavirus is a respiratory virus which spreads primarily through droplets generated when an infected person coughs or sneezes, or through droplets of saliva or discharge from the nose. To protect yourself, clean your hands frequently with an alcohol-based hand rub or wash them with soap and water. Also, avoid close contact with anyone who is coughing and sneezing.
Hand dryers are NOT effective in killing the COVID-19 virus. Hand dryers are not effective in killing the COVID-19 virus. To protect yourself, frequently clean your hands with an alcohol-based hand rub or wash them with soap and water. Once your hands are cleaned, you should dry them thoroughly by using paper towels or a warm air dryer.
Ultra-violet (UV) lamps should NOT be used to disinfect hands or other areas of your skin. UV radiation can cause skin irritation and damage your eyes. Cleaning your hands with alcohol-based hand rub or washing your hands with soap and water are the most effective ways to remove the virus.
Vaccines against pneumonia DO NOT protect against the COVID-19 virus. Vaccines against pneumonia, such as pneumococcal vaccine and Haemophilus influenza type B (Hib) vaccine, do not provide protection against the new coronavirus. The virus is so new and different that it needs its own vaccine. Researchers are trying to develop a vaccine against COVID-19, and WHO is supporting their efforts. Although these vaccines are not effective against COVID-19, vaccination against respiratory illnesses is highly recommended to protect your health.
Rinsing your nose with saline does NOT prevent COVID-19. There is no evidence that regularly rinsing the nose with saline has protected people from infection with the new coronavirus. There is some limited evidence that regularly rinsing the nose with saline can help people recover more quickly from the common cold. However, regularly rinsing the nose has not been shown to prevent respiratory infections.
Eating garlic does NOT prevent COVID-19. Garlic is a healthy food that may have some antimicrobial properties. However, there is no evidence from the current outbreak that eating garlic has protected people from the new coronavirus.
People of all ages can be infected by the COVID-19 virus. Older people and younger people can be infected by the COVID-19 virus. Older people, and people with pre-existing medical conditions such as asthma, diabetes, and heart disease appear to be more vulnerable to becoming severely ill with the virus. WHO advises people of all ages to take steps to protect themselves from the virus, for example by following good hand hygiene and good respiratory hygiene.
Antibiotics CANNOT prevent or treat COVID-19. Antibiotics work only against bacteria, not viruses. COVID-19 is caused by a virus, and therefore antibiotics should not be used for prevention or treatment. However, if you are hospitalized for COVID-19, you may receive antibiotics because bacterial co-infection is possible.
There are no medicines that can prevent or treat COVID-19. To date, there is no specific medicine recommended to prevent or treat the new coronavirus. However, those infected with the virus should receive appropriate care to relieve and treat symptoms, and those with severe illness should receive optimized supportive care. Some specific treatments are under investigation, and will be tested through clinical trials. WHO is helping to accelerate research and development efforts with a range or partners.
There is currently no vaccine to prevent the COVID-19 virus. Vaccines against pneumonia, such as the pneumococcal vaccine, don't provide protection against the COVID-19 virus. The flu shot also won't protect you against the COVID-19 virus.
There is no evidence that rinsing your nose with saline protects against infection with the COVID-19 virus. 
Exposure to the sun or to temperatures higher than 77 F (25 C) doesn't prevent the COVID-19 virus or cure COVID-19. You can get the COVID-19 virus in sunny, hot and humid weather. Taking a hot bath also can't prevent you from catching the COVID-19 virus. Your normal body temperature remains the same, regardless of the temperature of your bath or shower.
Cold weather and snow also can't kill the COVID-19 virus.
Spraying alcohol or chlorine on your body won't kill viruses that have entered your body. These substances also can harm your eyes, mouth and clothes.
Antibiotics kill bacteria, not viruses. However, people hospitalized due to COVID-19 might be given antibiotics because they also have developed a bacterial infection.
Drinking alcohol doesn't protect you from the COVID-19 virus.
There's no evidence that eating garlic protects against infection with the COVID-19 virus.
Ultraviolet light can be used as a disinfectant on surfaces. But don't use a UV lamp to sterilize your hands or other areas of your body. UV radiation can cause skin irritation.
Avoiding exposure to or use of 5G networks doesn't prevent infection with the COVID-19 virus. Viruses can't travel on radio waves and mobile networks. The COVID-19 virus is spreading in many countries that lack 5G mobile networks.
When applied to surfaces, disinfectants can help kill germs such as the COVID-19 virus. However, don't use disinfectants on your body, inject them into your body or swallow them. Disinfectants can irritate the skin and be toxic if swallowed or injected into the body. Also, don't wash produce with disinfectants.
Many people take vitamin C, vitamin D, zinc, green tea or echinacea to boost their immune systems. While these supplements might affect your immune function, research hasn't shown that they can prevent you from getting sick. The supplement colloidal silver, which has been marketed as a COVID-19 treatment, isn't considered safe or effective for treating any disease. Also, there isn't enough evidence to recommend use of oleandrin, an extract from the toxic oleander plant, to treat COVID-19 or to prevent infection with the COVID-19 virus.
Cloth face masks are effective. They create a barrier between your mouth and nose and those around you. This makes it more difficult for the droplets that spread coronavirus through coughs, sneezes and talking to reach other people. Cloth masks mainly keep you from unknowingly spreading the disease to others, but some studies indicate that they may help protect you from large droplets and serve as an indirect reminder to avoid touching your face. This is why wearing a cloth mask inside all retail stores and public transportation has been mandatory in Maryland since April 2020. And as more services such as getting a haircut or eating in a restaurant are being allowed, it is as important as ever to continue wearing a mask. We're all in this together.
Different types of masks serve different purposes, but cloth masks are highly effective for the general public. The average person who is not working in a medical environment with COVID-19 patients should wear a cloth mask to conserve personal protective equipment (PPE) for medical workers.
Some people have suggested that carbon dioxide from exhaling gets trapped under the cloth and can make you sick. This isn't true. Properly fitted masks offer adequate airflow while still covering your nose and mouth. This makes the accumulation of carbon dioxide impossible. However, people with breathing problems, children under age 2, and those who can't remove the mask without assistance should not wear one.
Wearing a mask correctly is the key to making it effective at preventing the spread of the coronavirus. According to the CDC, a cloth face mask needs to have the following in order to be effective: cover both your nose and mouth, Fit snugly but comfortably against the sides of the face, Be secured with ties or ear loops, Have multiple layers of fabric, Allow for unrestricted breathing, Able to be laundered and machine dried without damage or shape changes
Antibiotics kill bacteria, but they don’t kill viruses. SARS-CoV-2, which is the virus that causes COVID-19, will not be treated by antibiotics, so it’s best to leave them for the people that need them most.
UV radiation can cause skin irritation, so UV lamps should not be used to sterilise hands or other areas of skin.
Your body temperature remains around 36.5 to 37.5°C, regardless of the temperature of your bath or shower. The only likely outcome for taking a bath with extremely hot water is that it will burn you.
There is no indication that house flies or even mosquitoes can transmit the virus either through a bite or by landing on an infected surface.  However, we should all be cleaning and disinfecting contact surfaces to keep us protected regardless.
In the UK, the typically British weather of rain has been replaced by sunshine during its lockdown, which has seen many British people sharing the irony via social media in the form of humorous GIFs and memes. Sadly, the jokes end there. The coronavirus can be transmitted in all areas of the globe, including hot climates. The normal human body temperature is 36.5 to 37.5°C. If the virus can survive in that, it can probably also survive while we’re wearing shorts and t-shirts.
A medical test is required to get a real diagnosis, so people shouldn’t rely on this method.
There is no evidence that a dog, cat or any pet can transmit COVID-19. As always, it’s recommended that you wash your hands after petting an animal.
Older people and anyone with underlying health issues (such as asthma, diabetes, heart disease) appear to be more vulnerable, but children aren’t being kept away from school just to protect the vulnerable. They’re as likely as adults to become infected. Regardless of age, everyone needs to protect themselves against COVID-19 and follow the guidance set out by public health authorities.
Recent data (China CDC Weekly) suggests that COVID-19 has a mortality rate more than twenty times higher than the flu virus. With no vaccine to protect us yet, we all need to take preventative measures to stay safe.
Very high levels of alcohol are needed to kill a virus, but the concentration in alcoholic drinks isn’t high enough and the level needed would actually kill a person before killing the virus. While alcohol and chlorine can be useful to disinfect surfaces, they can be harmful if they come into contact with clothes, eyes and mouths. People should always follow instructions carefully and only use as directed. The WHO recommends alcohol hand sanitiser as part of your hand-hygiene routine.
There is no scientific evidence to suggest that regularly rinsing the nose with saline or gargling mouthwash will ward off COVID-19.
There is no current scientific evidence behind this claim. However, staying hydrated can help keep your immune system strong.
The World Health Organization (WHO) states that coronaviruses do not survive for long on objects such as letters or packages. Due to humidity and temperature changes, shipping conditions make it difficult for viruses to survive, so there is very low risk of them spreading from products or packaging that are shipped over a period of days or weeks.
Rubber gloves can still become contaminated, so, if you touch your face when wearing them, you risk infection.  Washing your hands properly offers more protection than gloves.
We’ve all seen photographs and video footage showing people wearing disposable masks, which are often recommended as a preventative measure against coronavirus. However, the majority of face masks simply aren’t tight enough, allowing the virus to get into the nose, mouth and eyes, and they actually prompt people to touch their faces more as they readjust their masks to fit. Some models of professional, tight-fitting respirators (N95) can help protect healthcare workers who are caring for patients, but there simply aren’t enough of those to go around at the moment.
Gargling vinegar, essential oils, ethanol, salt water, steroids or bleach will not protect you from coronavirus. The latter, bleach, is dangerous and will not benefit your health. Instead, the best protection is to wash your hands, avoid touching your eyes, mouth, and nose where possible, and avoid close contact with people. Another swallowing-related myth revolves around eating garlic to prevent infection. While garlic might kill or slow the spread of some microorganisms, there is no evidence from the current outbreak that it has protected people from the new coronavirus.
Yes, receiving mails from your regular Taobao or AliExpress vendor is completely safe as there is no risk of contamination by the novel coronavirus on packages from China. According to health analysts, viruses do not last long on objects so even if the package is arriving straight from Wuhan, it is very unlikely the virus will survive that long. 
Garlic does go well with everything, but swallowing garlic cloves is certainly not the best way to prevent coronavirus infection. Garlic may contain some antimicrobial properties and is quite helpful for a common cold, but it is not your go-to for dealing with the coronavirus. Let’s keep garlic on the cheese bread for now!
While antibiotics might be the common remedy for our sick winter days, it actually does not work against any type of virus – only bacteria. Coronavirus is a new type of virus and there is no specific medication or treatment as of yet to immediately cure those infected. People who have been tested positive for the virus are receiving supportive care to help their immune system fight off the virus and relieve severe symptoms.
Saline is only suitable for recovering from a common cold and it certainly will not ‘kill’ the coronavirus. Many posts have been circulating on social media claiming that rinsing your nose with saline three to five times a day can help you, but it is a bogus claim as there is no evidence at all.
If you have been slathering sesame oil all over your body in the assumption that it would protect you against the virus, you should instead use it where it’s good for – Asian food. People have been rubbing sesame oil on their skin to block the coronavirus, but this is a false claim. Let’s not waste that expensive bottle of sesame oil and keep it in the kitchen.
Who doesn’t love the good old turmeric latte, but is turmeric really the miracle spice that can protect you against the virus? Originating from India, turmeric is widely used in cooking as well as ayurvedic medicine. However, many people are under the wrong impression that it can cure the coronavirus. Turmeric does hold some anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties but it is highly questionable whether sipping on your “golden milk” every morning will keep you virus-free. 
