I can make my own hand sanitizer at home.
I can clean and disinfect frequently touched objects with hand sanitizer.
Being in the sun or high temperatures prevents COVID-19.
Regularly rinsing my nose with saline or gargling with saltwater can help prevent COVID-19.
Spraying alcohol, chlorine, or another disinfectant all over my body will kill COVID-19.
COVID-19 is a hoax.
Data is skewed because sometimes a person who has COVID-19 is tested more than once, so is counted more than once.
If someone I have been around gets COVID-19, I’ll get a call from a public health worker asking very personal questions.
If I am asked to quarantine but test negative for COVID-19, I can stop.
If I have COVID-19, I’ll know it.
Having COVID-19 is just like having the flu.
If I don’t have a cough, I don’t have COVID-19.
Young people do not get COVID-19, only older people and people with other medical conditions are at risk.
I won’t catch the virus that causes COVID-19 if I don’t spend a long time next to someone who has it.
As long as I wash my hands a lot or use sanitizer, I’m safe.
If I go to a hospital for another reason, I will get COVID-19.
COVID-19 spreads through food.
I can get COVID-19 from my pet.
COVID-19 can be spread by mosquitoes.
If I am outdoors, I do not need to practice social distancing.
If I and everyone around me are wearing cloth face coverings, there’s no need to practice social distancing.
If I and everyone around me are social distancing, there’s no need to use cloth face covering.
A cloth face covering doesn’t block the virus. I need a surgical mask or special “N95” mask. 
Face coverings don’t prevent the spread of COVID-19 or other diseases.
There’s no research to support the recommendation to wear a face covering to prevent COVID-19.
The tighter my mask is, the better it will prevent COVID-19 spread.
I only have to wear a mask if I am in a high-risk county.
You can get a face mask exemption card so you don’t need to wear a mask.
You can protect yourself from COVID-19 by injecting, swallowing, bathing in or rubbing onto your body bleach, disinfectants or rubbing alcohols.
A vaccine to cure COVID-19 is available.
The new coronavirus was deliberately created or released by people.
Ordering or buying products shipped from overseas will make a person sick.
The novel coronavirus was engineered in a lab in China.
Wealthy elites intentionally spread the virus to win power and profit. 
COVID-19 is no worse than the flu. 
You don’t need to wear a mask. 
Hydroxychloroquine is an effective treatment. 
The Black Lives Matter protests led to increased transmission.
Spikes in cases are because of increased testing. 
We can achieve herd immunity by letting the virus spread through the population. 
Any vaccine will be unsafe and a bigger risk than getting COVID-19. 
Cloth masks don't protect you.
Other masks are more effective than cloth masks.
Masks can cause carbon dioxide (CO2) build-up.
The way you wear a mask is not important.
You only need to wear a mask if you feel sick.
If you're home, you don't need to wear a mask.
If you've had coronavirus, you don't need a mask.
You don't need to wear a mask outside.
If I'm wearing a mask, I don't need to stay home.
The virus is just a mutated form of the common cold
The virus was probably made in a lab
Pets can spread the new coronavirus
Kids can't catch the coronavirus
If you have coronavirus, "you'll know"
The coronavirus is less deadly than the flu
Vitamin C supplements will stop you from catching COVID-19 
It's not safe to receive a package from China
You can get the coronavirus if you eat at Chinese restaurants in the US
Drinking bleach or other disinfectants can protect you from COVID-19
Drinking alcohol and eating garlic can protect you from COVID-19
5G networks can spread the new coronavirus
Exposure to high temperatures prevents COVID-19
Wearing masks can cause CO2 poisoning 
Cases are increasing because testing is increasing
Lockdowns were unnecessary
The epidemiological models are always wrong
It’s a second wave
Spraying chlorine or alcohol on the skin kills viruses in the body
Only older adults and young people are at risk
Children cannot get COVID-19
COVID-19 is just like the flu
Everyone with COVID-19 dies
Cats and dogs spread coronavirus
Face masks always protect against coronavirus
Hand dryers kill coronavirus
SARS-CoV-2 is just a mutated form of the common cold
You have to be with someone for 10 minutes to catch the virus
Rinsing the nose with saline protects against coronavirus
You can protect yourself by gargling bleach
Antibiotics kill coronavirus
Thermal scanners can diagnose coronavirus
Garlic protects against coronaviruses
Parcels from China can spread coronavirus
Home remedies can cure and protect against COVID-19
You can catch coronavirus from eating Chinese food in the US
You can catch coronavirus from urine and feces
The virus will die off when temperatures rise
Coronavirus is the deadliest virus known to humans
Flu and pneumonia vaccines can protect against COVID-19
The virus originated in a laboratory in China
The outbreak began because people ate bat soup
5G helps SARS-CoV-2 spread
Drinking alcohol reduces the risk of infection
Injecting or consuming bleach or disinfectant kills the virus
You can catch coronavirus in swimming pools
COVID-19 isn't as serious as the seasonal flu.
Ordering or buying products shipped from China will make a person sick.
Young people can't get the virus.
Black people can't get the virus.
I'm healthy, so I don’t need to practice social distancing.
Pets can spread the virus.
You can protect yourself by gargling bleach or using essential oils.
Home remedies like herbal teas, garlic, ginger and ginger ale can cure or prevent the virus.
If you drink warm water, it will rinse the virus from your throat.
Hot air/hair dryers kill the virus.
The virus cannot survive in warm weather.
The virus spreads through 5G.
If I have had the COVID-19 virus and am now recovered, I am immune.
The COVID-19 virus is not new. There are already vaccines for it or disinfectants that can kill it.
Ayurveda, homeopathic and other herbal medicines can cure/prevent the coronavirus
Vitamin C helps cure the infection
Only old people are affected by coronavirus
Eating garlic will prevent the infection
Onset of summers mean a decline of the virus
Taking a hot bath or drinking hot water can prevent the virus from infecting you
Eating meat can cause coronavirus
You don’t have COVID if you can hold your breath for ten seconds without discomfort
Dogs can cause coronavirus
Spraying alcohol or chlorine all over your body can kill the new coronavirus
MMS (miracle mineral supplement) is an effective treatment
Ibuprofen exacerbates coronavirus
I don’t need to get the flu shot
Hydroxychloroquine is an effective treatment
UV rays kill the virus
Eating garlic/immune boosters prevents infection
Gargling salt water will prevent coronavirus
Breathing techniques can cure the virus
BioCharger NG can help treat coronavirus
Microwaves sanitise masks
There is a cure/ vaccine for coronavirus
Hand dryers kill coronavirus
Hospitals are giving out secret prevention tips
Drinking water prevents infection
Mosquitos spread coronavirus
COVID-19 can be transmitted in hot and humid climates 
Cold weather and snow cannot kill the coronavirus 
The coronavirus can be spread through mosquito bites
Thermal scanners are effective in detecting a fever
Spraying alcohol and chlorine all over your body will kill the virus
There are no medicines to prevent or treat COVID-19
Warmer weather will stop the spread of the coronavirus.
Young people don’t get sick from a coronavirus infection.
Social distancing isn’t necessary if you’ve already been infected.
If you don’t have fever, cough and shortness of breath, you don’t have COVID-19.
You can catch COVID-19 from your pet.
Ibuprofen makes COVID-19 worse.
It’s dangerous to go outside during the pandemic.
You should avoid the hospital at all costs if you want to stay healthy.
Ingesting disinfectants can help treat a coronavirus infection.
Mosquitoes and ticks transmit the coronavirus.
Wearing a mask doesn't do anything
Wearing a mask is dangerous because you'll get CO2 poisoning
All schools should reopen because kids can't get COVID-19
Asymptomatic people aren't contagious
Young, healthy people won't die from COVID-19
You can't get COVID-19 twice
You won't get the virus if you hold your breath when someone sneezes or coughs 
Consuming disinfectants will kill the virus
Cleaning your fruits and vegetables with bleach is effective 
Warm weather will stop the coronavirus
99% of cases aren't dangerous
The United States has one of the lowest mortality rates
5G technology is spreading COVID-19
The media is blowing the pandemic out of proportion
gargling or swallowing certain substances protects you from coronavirus
a face mask will protect you from coronavirus
wearing rubber gloves will prevent the spread of germs on your hands
products shipped from countries with high levels of infection will cause coronavirus infection
keeping your mouth moist and drinking lots of water will prevent infection
saline rinses and mouthwash can help prevent infection
drinking alcohol can kill the coronavirus
flu is far more deadly and easier to catch
pets can spread the new coronavirus
children can’t catch the coronavirus
If you can hold your breath for 10 seconds, you don’t have coronavirus
warm weather will get rid of the coronavirus
flies carry COVID-19
taking a hot bath prevents the new coronavirus
an ultraviolet disinfection lamp will kill the new coronavirus
antibiotics kill coronavirus
drinking cow urine will protect you from coronavirus
Does applying sesame oil prevent the virus from entering the body?
